Basic Outside of chemistry class, basic describes something (or someone) extremely mainstream. Things that are basic include: Starbucks lattes, Taylor Swift, and blue J. Crew button downs.

Clap-Back Clapping back (as a verb) is synonymous for responding to criticism, e.g., Chrissy Teigen is quick to clap back at internet trolls in her Twitter comments. You can also use clapback as a noun to describe said comeback.

Ghost Dating apps made it easy to ghost — or cut off all communication with — someone you're no longer interested in. Slipping out of the party undetected? That also counts as ghosting.

Mood Use mood in lieu of saying "same." Generally, it describes something you're into, as in, "All I want to do tonight is lay on my couch and watch The Bachelorette." "Big mood."
 
Receipts No, not the really long ones from CVS. These kinds of receipts usually come in digital form, like screenshots of text messages or Snapchats. They’re considered evidence or proof when something dramatic is going down.

Salty Feeling salty is akin to feeling upset or angry — usually over something minor, like getting teased.

Shade Yeah, you can call your sunglasses shades, but the singular form can mean suspicious or disrespectful behavior. Ever casually dissed something? That’s considered throwing shade.

Shook Use it as an adjective and you’ll mean shocked, surprised, or startled. The inner monologue for feeling shook is "Whoa, what just happened?"

Slay To slay means to kill something — in a good way. Aced a test? You slayed it. Wearing something amazing? You're slaying!

Tea Consider a tea a synonym for gossip. If someone asks you to spill the tea, she wants the inside scoop on what went down.

AF Want to emphasize something? AF stands for "as f*ck" — as in people who use this word think they're cool AF.

Bae No, it's not short for babe or baby. The letters actually represent the phrase "before anyone else," usually referring to the speaker's significant other.

Bye-Felicia The perfect dismissal, bye Felicia dates back to the 1995 movie Friday, when Ice Cube shuts down a character named (you guessed it) Felicia. If you're ready to wave goodbye to someone or something unimportant, this is the phrase for you.

Extra Not too different than its dictionary definition, extra in a slang sense usually translates to over the top. The key difference? It's kinda got a negative connotation, as in trying too hard or doing too much.

GOAT Often accompanied with the requisite goat emoji (🐐), GOAT is an acronym for "greatest of all time," and pops up a lot when people start arguing about sports. Think Serena Williams or LeBron James.

High-Key If you think you've mastered the phrase "low key" (like on the down low), try using its antonym. Anything you're saying loud and proud is definitely high key.

Hundo-P This means 100%. That's it. Use it instead of "of course" or "definitely."

JOMO We've all experienced FOMO, or the "fear of missing out," but JOMO describes the opposite. If you're more than content to stay in and watch Netflix, that's the joy of missing out.

Kk Legend has it kk originated in online gaming forums as an abbreviation for "okay, cool," except the two Ks refer to the more informal "k, kewl." Put it together, and it usually signals "messaged received," or "gotcha."

LB Instagrammers know that LB stands for "like back," while FB similarly means "follow back." If you start seeing these all over your post's comments, know that some people want tit for tat — essentially I like your photo, you like mine.

Lit "Lit" can mean cool — especially when it comes to parties — but some people also use it as a synonym for drunk or high. Moms, you've been warned.

OTP Still heartbroken over Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan's separation? They might have been your OTP, or "one true pairing." Emotional investment in any couple — real or fictional — qualifies.

RT You don't have to be on Twitter to use this one. It literally stands for retweet, but RT in the slang sense can refer to anything you agree with, 140 characters or more.

Ship Do you just know that two people belong together? Well, you're by definition "shipping" them. The word is short for "relationship," but it's used as a verb. The original OTP that allegedly inspired the phrase dates way back though: Fox Mulder and Dana Scully of the '90s series The X-Files.

Stan Here's another "new" word that predates today's teens. Eminem rapped the song "Stan" in 2000 about an obsessed fictional follower. The name is actually kind of a portmanteau of "stalker" and "fan," and it now describes worshippers of any celeb.

Snatched If you already know the trendy phrase "on fleek," kudos to you. You can use the even trendier "snatched" in the same way, basically to describe things (especially style) as cool or on point.

Suh Combine "sup" with "huh" and you get "suh." Yeah, it's pretty stupid, but what else do you expect from a word that gets its start in a viral video?

Turnt Turnt can mean drunk, but don't ground anyone just yet. It can also describe a state of general excitement or craziness.

Woke While it's sometimes used in a sarcastic sense, getting called "woke" is usually a compliment. It means you're knowledgeable, sympathetic, and aware, especially when it comes to contentious debates around race and gender.

Yass This one is best expressed "YASS!" and maybe even with a few extra S's — for added emphasis. That said, this one's pretty simple: It simply means "yes!" albeit in a more enthusiastic (and slightly more annoying) way.

numnum it means shut the fuck up nigga
